doc: edit BUILDING.md (#24243)
nodejs/node: BUILDING.md

### Supported platforms

The community does not build or test against end-of-life distributions (EoL). Do

> not use Node.js on end-of-life or unsupported platforms in production.

Reviewer: IMHO we can't have a `Do not` here.
```suggestion
Use of Node.js on EoL platforms is unsupported.
```

Author: I think `Do not` is appropriately more forceful and FWIW avoids passive voice.

If we really want to avoid `Do not` here, maybe change it to a `Do` as this?: `For production purposes, use only supported platforms.`?

Reviewer: > `For production purposes, use only supported platforms.`?

I like this better, but I prefer a statement that has Node.js as the object. (using an EoL platform in production has $REASONS which might span beyond the scope of Node.js use)
Refs: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/12672
Refs: https://github.com/nodejs/build/issues/688

Author: How about this?: `For high-value production applications, run Node.js on supported platforms only.`

Reviewer: 👍 
(Since Node.js is the object, you could also drop the `high-value`):

* llvm version 3.3 or higher
* nasm version 2.10 or higher in Windows

> Otherwise `configure` will fail with an error. Avoid this by either providing a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid `configure` failing in case this requirement is not met, run with `--openssl-no-asm`.
```

Author: How about this?: 

```markdown
To use an earlier assembler version, use the `--openssl-no-asm` flag with
`configure`. Otherwise, `configure` will fail.
```

Reviewer 2: @Trott `--openssl-no-asm` skips the use of assembler, so it would not be using earlier versions.

Author: OK, how about this?:

```markdown
If compiling without one of the above, use `configure` with the
`--openssl-no-asm` flag. Otherwise, `configure` will fail.
```

* Python 2.6 or 2.7
* GNU Make 3.81 or newer

> On macOS, install the `Xcode Command Line Tools` by running

Reviewer: ~the~?

Author: I think this was resolved by a fix-up commit? If not, unresolve or comment again or something...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On macOS, install `Xcode Command Line Tools` by running
```

Author: Sure, done.

$ make -j4
```

> The `-j4` option will cause `make` to run 4 simultaneous compilation jobs which

Reviewer: ```Suggestion 
The `-j` option indicates to `make` to run in parallel mode, the number after `-j` should best suit the number of CPU cores on your machine.

If you run into problems running `make` see the [GNU Make Documentation](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/html_node/Parallel.html) for more information.
```

Author: I think the suggestion here is less clear than the text that is in the PR. What is the crux of the issue for you? I'm probably just not understanding what you're trying to get at...

Reviewer: I mostly want it shorter. Less words about `make` when we can refer to the docs.
Maybe just:
```
The `-j4` option will cause `make` to run 4 simultaneous compilation jobs which
may reduce build time. For more information, or in case you run into problems
see the ...
```

Reviewer: Or even:
```md
For more information, or in case you run into problems see the ...
```

Author: I went with:

```markdown
The `-j4` option will cause `make` to run 4 simultaneous compilation jobs which
may reduce build time. For more information, see the
[GNU Make Documentation](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/html_node/Parallel.html).
```

Hope that works for you! If not, comment again, of course!
